docs:update design login for io (#732)
taptap/tds-docs: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/design/design-login.mdx

<Background>
  <Figure
    subtitle="Icon"
    imgSrc={useBaseUrl("https://capacity-files.lcfile.com/ermatEvWTKgP3WxWHjhgxUyaXa12iCsq/io-tap-icon.png")}
    imgAlt=""
  />
  <Figure
    subtitle="Pill"
    imgSrc={useBaseUrl("https://capacity-files.lcfile.com/aLQkw2SQEGsapHUzNF0jimXRFWqfSKoS/io-tap-pill.png")}
    imgAlt=""
  />
</Background>

## Icon

### Composition of information

> Consists of TapTap Overseas logo and button background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The icon is consisted of the TapTap logo and a background.
```

### Button Shape

> Default circle, can be changed to a square with rounded corners to match the appearance of other in-game buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default shape of the button is circle. It can be changed to a square with rounded corners to match the appearance of other in-game buttons.
```

<Background>
  <Figure
    subtitle="Circle"
    imgSrc={useBaseUrl("https://capacity-files.lcfile.com/MaGH4IIEWKO6WhSEMJOVk6IqmlK7DnHH/io-design-1-1.png")}
    imgAlt=""
  />
  <Figure
    subtitle="Square with rounded edge"
    imgSrc={useBaseUrl("https://capacity-files.lcfile.com/6cYTxmMuy1RCGNjTAMTLSGRWMblLPzKV/io-design-1-2.png")}
    imgAlt=""
  />
</Background>

> ### Size of button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Button size
```

> The default size is 40*40 pt, Make sure that the aspect ratio of the icon buttons is always set to 1:1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default size is 40*40 pt. Please make sure that the aspect ratio of the icon is always 1:1.
```

> ### Margin of the button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Button margin
```

> The materials in the downloadable resource packs already contain the correct amount of padding, so please do not cut them out or add any extra padding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The materials in the downloadable resource packs already contain the correct amounts of padding. Please do not cut them out or add any extra padding.
```

## Pill

### Composition of information

> Composed of the TapTap Overseas logo, as well as text and button backgrounds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The icon is consisted of the TapTap logo, text, and a background.
```

<Background>
  <Figure
    isRecommended={true}
    quote="Do"

>     content="TapTap Overseas Logo + Text message"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    content="The TapTap logo and text"
```

    imgSrc={useBaseUrl("https://capacity-files.lcfile.com/gA4wwKXJqAqkpAusEh9zU6BaxpXjBXM5/io-design-2.2.1.png")}
    imgAlt=""
  />
  <Figure
    isRecommended={false}
    quote="Don't"

>     content="Do not cut the brand logo, Avoid stretching any elements on the buttons"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    content="Do not cut the brand logo. Avoid stretching any elements on the button."
```

    imgSrc={useBaseUrl("https://capacity-files.lcfile.com/qKRNW4T7woaeM5P3IOsXp8WtPsuBV3QA/io-design-2.2.2.png")}
    imgAlt=""
  />
</Background>

> ### Rounded corners button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Rounded corners
```

> Defaults to the maximum rounding radius (Pill), the number of rounding angles can be adjusted to match the appearance of other buttons in the game interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defaults to the maximum radius (pill). The radius can be adjusted to match the appearance of other buttons in the game interface.
```

<Background>
  <Figure
    subtitle="Pill"
    imgSrc={useBaseUrl("https://capacity-files.lcfile.com/qX9dqWfWkXpJVhc7KRVTh31QAiwJLKMY/io-design-3.1.1.png")}
    imgAlt=""
  />
  <Figure

>     subtitle="Square with rounded edges"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    subtitle="Square with rounded corners"
```

    imgSrc={useBaseUrl("https://capacity-files.lcfile.com/j72YmKTXR1nBVXJYRWyiM3R0soCa1Lce/io-design-3.1.2.png")}
    imgAlt=""
  />
</Background>

### Button size

> The default height is 40pt and the button width varies depending on the length of text in different regional languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default height is 40pt and the button width varies depending on the length of text in different languages.
```

### Button text

> Recommended button text is "Login in with TapTap", no line breaks and no spaces between "TapTap".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended text is "Log in with TapTap". There should be no line breaks or spaces within "TapTap".
```

<Background>
  <Figure
    isRecommended={true}
    quote="Do"
    content={
      <>

>         TapTap Overseas Logo + Text message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The TapTap logo and text
```

      </>
    }
    imgSrc={useBaseUrl("https://capacity-files.lcfile.com/gA4wwKXJqAqkpAusEh9zU6BaxpXjBXM5/io-design-2.2.1.png")}
    imgAlt=""
  />
  <Figure
    isRecommended={false}
    quote="Don't"

>     content="Do not allow spaces between TapTap"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    content="Do not put spaces within TapTap"
```

    imgSrc={useBaseUrl("https://capacity-files.lcfile.com/7R5vLSne0jGgo6jt8FhS5B0tv8GpmcHg/io-design-3.2.1.png")}
    imgAlt=""
  />
</Background>

## Colour rules for login portal

> Depending on the background colour of the game interface, two default colours are provided: black, branded (green).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the background color of the game interface, you can choose from one of the two default colors: black and the brand color (green).
```

> ### black

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Black
```

Use this style on a light background that has enough contrast to allow the text to appear in white if you are using a black background for the buttons.

<Background>
  <Figure
    isRecommended={true}
    quote="Do"
    content="Use black button on light background."
    imgSrc={useBaseUrl("https://capacity-files.lcfile.com/Ik98at8PDxw3Qqvdrv0WRPW5Qbr8xELC/io-design-4.1.1.png")}
    imgAlt=""
  />
  <Figure
    isRecommended={false}
    quote="Don't"
    content="Use black button on dark background."
    imgSrc={useBaseUrl("https://capacity-files.lcfile.com/xxNIc6ux68ieYInnj8R3zgTkjieY40rL/io-design-4.1.2.png")}
    imgAlt=""
  />
</Background>

> ### Branded (green)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Brand color (green)
```

> Use this style on a dark background with sufficient contrast, with black text if using a branded button background. It is recommended to add a black circular background image under the TapTap Overseas logo to enhance the overall look.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this style on a dark background with sufficient contrast, with black text if using the brand color as the button's background. It is recommended to add a black circular background image under the TapTap logo to enhance the overall look.
```

<Background>
  <Figure
    isRecommended={true}
    quote="Do"
    content="Use green button on dark background."
    imgSrc={useBaseUrl("https://capacity-files.lcfile.com/41JSgxd7hsclYU90n9qJcCeAmibN8BnW/io-design-4.2.1.png")}
    imgAlt=""
  />
  <Figure
    isRecommended={false}
    quote="Don't"
    content="Use green button on light background"
    imgSrc={useBaseUrl("https://capacity-files.lcfile.com/6e1j0dpCy8uJumrVghJPbLJFsch9KSQA/io-design-4.2.2.png")}
    imgAlt=""
  />
</Background>

> ### Customised rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Rules for customization
```

> As the Login SDK is accessed in a variety of handheld games, game makers may make minor adjustments to the TapTap logo, but must maintain the brand identity of the TapTap logo. There are no restrictions on borders, backgrounds or button text, but changes to the style and colour of the TapTap brand logo are not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the TapTap Login SDK can be used in a variety of mobile games, game developers may make minor adjustments to the TapTap logo, but must maintain the brand identity of the TapTap logo. There are no restrictions on borders, backgrounds, or button text, but changes to the style and color of the TapTap logo are not allowed.
```

<Background>
  <Figure
    isRecommended={false}
    quote="Don't"
    content="No changes to the styling of the TapTap logo allowed"
    imgSrc={useBaseUrl("https://capacity-files.lcfile.com/40LWgaO2tenA9KYFsVB11dEaxHlY0Y7y/io-design-5.1.1.png")}
    imgAlt=""
  />
  <Figure
    isRecommended={false}
    quote="Don't"
    content="The blurring of the TapTap logo is not allowed"
    imgSrc={useBaseUrl("https://capacity-files.lcfile.com/I64NQePTndb3Qd3brgMIl3KJAnHz6yDa/io-design-5.1.2.png")}
    imgAlt=""
  />
  <Figure
    isRecommended={false}
    quote="Don't"

>     content="Using the TapTap Chinese logo is not allowed"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    content="Using the TapTap logo for China (mainland) is not allowed"
```

    imgSrc={useBaseUrl("https://capacity-files.lcfile.com/xob0rxgbzFWLp30oYXgHXwBLHBfABAz7/io-design-5.1.3.png")}
    imgAlt=""
  />
</Background>

## Rules for the arrangement of multiple login options

> The size and style of the login portal background can be adjusted to match the overall style of the game buttons by changing the background of the buttons to any shape, but it must be consistent with the style of the other login forms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The size and style of the login button's background can be adjusted to match the overall style of the buttons in the game by changing the background of the buttons to any shape, but it must be consistent with the style of the other login buttons.
```
